Native profiler v0.9.3 - allocation profiling (#14963)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/ddprof.md

## Requirements

Supported operating systems

> : Linux kernel v4.17+, libc 2.18+ or musl libc

Reviewer: @nsavoire raised a good point in one of the comments, which I didn't really think about before. 
 *libc* refers to the ISO C standard library, which is "versioned" (IIRC, only additively) alongside the C language standard (e.g., C11, etc).  *glibc* refers to the GNU implementation of the ISO C standard library, and it is versioned in the way we refer to here.

Since we're making a statement about glibc (or at least, glibc _compatibility_), should we be specific and write `glibc` rather than `libc`?

Author: true

### Standalone

> 1. Download the latest [`ddprof` release][2] for your Linux distribution. For example, here is one way to pull the `v0.9.3` release for an `amd64` (aka `x86_64`) platform:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Download the latest [`ddprof` release][2] for your Linux distribution. For example, here is one way to pull the `v0.9.3` release for an `amd64` (also known as `x86_64`) platform:
```

| DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL              | url             | U          |           | `https://<hostname>:<port>` overrides other agent host/port settings.                                                                |
| DD_TAGS                         | tags            | T          |           | Tags to apply to an uploaded profile. Must be a list of `<key>:<value>` pairs separated by commas, such as: `layer:api,team:intake`. |
| DD_PROFILING_NATIVE_NICE        | nice            | i          |           | Sets the nice level of the profiler without affecting the instrumented processes.                                                    |

> | DD_PROFILING_NATIVE_SHOW_CONFIG | show_config     | c          | no        | Whether to log profiler configuration parameters.                                                                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| DD_PROFILING_NATIVE_SHOW_CONFIG | show_config     | c          | no        | Logs profiler configuration parameters.                                                                                    |
```

Author: Considering this is a yes / no, it is better to keep the Whether statement

Reviewer 2: Thanks for confirming!
